Explicitly recommend react-hook-form and zod (#99)
newjersey/innovation-engineering: src/content/docs/tech-recommendations/frontend.md

Talk to the team and engineering directors before making a choice besides these three frameworks.

## Forms

> Existing projects handle form logic and validation in different ways, but we suggest the following going forward:

Reviewer: I've been editing some of these to take a stronger language recommendation than "we suggest" and moving exceptions to the end of the discussion.

From that perspective, can we rephrase this a bit? The "end-to-end tests" section is an example of strong recommendation first, exceptions later.

Something like:

```suggestion

We use [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/) (RHF) for handling form logic.

For user input validation, either use:
  - RHF's native validation capabilities
  - Or use [@hookform/resolvers](https://github.com/react-hook-form/resolvers) to wire up [Zod](https://zod.dev/)
- 

Additionally, [@hookform/lens](https://github.com/react-hook-form/lenses) may be useful for typesafe mapping of nested data to RHF.

Some existing projects may still handle form logic and validation in different ways.

```

Author: 👍, and I strengthened the backend zod recommendation as well

> - [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/) (RHF) for handling form logic

Reviewer 2: For the upcoming CE screener project, I did a quick review of the top form building libraries and had these notes on the main alternatives to react-hook-form:

**Formik** - no longer maintained
**Redux Form** - superseded by React Final Form
**React Final Form** - seems designed for more complex situations than react hook form, and this form is pretty simple
**TanStack Form** - online reviews aren’t too positive on this one
